hey you guys it's been so so fabulous
and I'm here to do a fall lookbook for
you guys and this is going to be a more
fun lookbook and the reason why I'm
really excited about this lookbook
because I noticed the pieces that I had
put together for you guys are pieces
where they can be daytime outfits and
transition to nighttime outfits so for
those ladies who work all day and don't
have time to go home and change to go
out with the girls this is a fun way to
be fashionable still trendy but still be
club appropriate so if you want to see
how to get this look pleased to you guys
bye
want to need you is the color the wound
something at home all again all right
you guys so for this press outfit the
top is from TJ Maxx the guilt is from
rainbows I got it a long time ago the
leggings you see me wag our farm forever
21 and the earrings on firm rainbow as
well
now these shoes i got from tjmaxx they
were ten five dollars and i like them
because it complements the belt very
well it ties in the whole outfit
what
i right you guys for this out 50 top is
from love culture the leggings you see
me wearing are from hmm the belt is also
from hmm and the cross you see me
wearing is from forever 21
you to fix me I gotta leave
now these shoes you see right here are
from TJ Maxx they were only fifteen
dollars you guys are you serious these
are bad and please excuse my facial
expression my sister was like peeking in
while I was filming
you
all right you guys this is one of my
favorite outfits that i put together at
the top that you see me wearing just
peplum top is from forever 21 I love the
neon green the belt that I have around
my waist is from H&M the necklace is
from burlington coat factory and the
liquid leggings that you see me wearing
or from R&B but i also have a pair from
forever 21 as well now the shoes that i
decided to pair with this outfit are
these black steve madden shoes i got
these shoes for my birthday and these
are the days of blue shoes i believe
just to add some extra process and edge
to this outfit I decided to peer this
outfit with a flat leather jacket that i
got from BB
now for this last and final outfit as
you can see I'm wearing the same crop
jacket from baby the pants you see me
when I got from a boutique in LA the
belt is from hmm and the BCA taught that
I am wearing is from forever 21
chemistry
now for shoes that decided to pair these
black booties that i got from TJ maxx
they add some nice pizzazz and the studs
add some edge to the output i hope you
guys enjoyed this video bye for now you
guys